Tim Sackton: So well, now.
Kate Sackton: How responsive is seeker right now. Oh, speaking of.
Tim Sackton: Oh! Speaking of seeker.
David S. Kong: Didn't this happen last time? Didn't we like? Didn't we just like like we manifested secret like we literally said his name. And then Eric appeared.
Tim Sackton: So as the vindicorno pulls up near the bitter wine oak portal
Tim Sackton: The massive oak tree roots growing over cracked stone, growing unnaturally in the desert, seemingly unaffected by the heat.
Tim Sackton: crimson pools of wine seeping from its roots into shallow basins.
Tim Sackton: with pale white blossoms flowering across the tree, and brown leaves rustling in its in its in its branches. You see?
Tim Sackton: And faldrick calling, okay, we're parked. What are you guys gonna do now
Tim Sackton: as you're sitting on the deck talking
Tim Sackton: seeker slash. Lady Eventide looks at the portal and sort of shakes her head, and no, no, I'm not ready to go back.
Tim Sackton: and the color begins to fade back into Seeker's body.
David S. Kong: And secret looks.
Tim Sackton: Suddenly now, a streak of white in his hair that used to be burnished red.
Tim Sackton: but his, the color returned to his face and cloak
Tim Sackton: and the rest of his body.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa! You know that feeling when you walk from one room into another room, and you're like, was I coming in here to get a sandwich, or to just have a sandwich.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did I miss? Something.
Kate Sackton: Well, the Faye came after us, and now we're going after the Faye.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Kate Sackton: You're here because we need to do something.
Kate Sackton: Interplanar navigation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that sounds interesting.
David S. Kong: Not to be rude to you. But
David S. Kong: how do we know that you're you, not the you that wasn't you?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good question!
David S. Kong: On site, excellent.
Tim Sackton: So how do we know? Kenzo tells us.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's me anything, Kenza.
Tim Sackton: No! You only see one Aura
Tim Sackton: just seekers Lady Eventide. You see, you see her hurled up in a ball like she's
Tim Sackton: nervous about re-entering the Feywild, or or traveling through this portal. Anyway, she's still sort of hiding there, just
Tim Sackton: clustered around the streak of white hair in Seeker's on Seeker's head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh!
David S. Kong: Did you do that yourself, or did it just happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did it happen?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ice? The music's a little loud.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Kate Sackton: Is, that.
Tim Sackton: Better.
David S. Kong: Is that good for the music?
Eric Rosenbaum: A little lower good choice of music. But
Eric Rosenbaum: She
Eric Rosenbaum: You know we know each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: She gave me that thread that we used.
Eric Rosenbaum: But how? She ended up in the part of my hair. That's harder to explain, isn't it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Or did something happen.
Tim Sackton: Color from. She took the color from your hair in exchange for the thread.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, but she didn't at the time that occurred possess me.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: This all feels complicated.
David S. Kong: Well, it's good to have you back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I don't know if you can give us a heads up next time, or if it's just gonna happen uncontrollably, or how does this all work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, just keep an eye out, for when I wander off to get a sandwich.
David S. Kong: And maybe when I come back I'll be the lady.
David S. Kong: All right. We'll establish a rigorous sandwich watch.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean fair point. I'll
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know. I'll try to keep an eye on it.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Would we want to? And is there any way to bring this whole ship through to another plane.
Kate Sackton: or do we? Are we problem solving, just getting ourselves in there.
Mike Sackton: I was about to ask the same question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's gotta be a way to fly through right.
Mike Sackton: How big is the like?
Tim Sackton: The ship is far bigger than the tree.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if we could somehow build a smaller.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, Planar travel craft just given that? It seems like the typical portal situation is a little constrained.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, not today, you know, we might just have to jump ourselves through this portal. Because wait. Why are we going through the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, aside from the obvious, I guess.
Mike Sackton: It. It looks kind of cool, right? And don't you want to see what's on the other side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally, yeah.
Kate Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should should we show the prison to the mirror? Do we have a mirror charge now.
Tim Sackton: No, you used it like a day ago for the for the crown, but a crown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not enough, time.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did we decide about the Crown?
Mike Sackton: Well at. So at the moment, what we've decided is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mean if you insist, you know Bet, willing to no.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no! That was.
Kate Sackton: You and lady inside.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that no secret.
Mike Sackton: The the Faye hunters from Harrow and Wend are gonna keep coming nonstop until we do something.
Mike Sackton: So it seemed like we should go do something.
Eric Rosenbaum: But thereafter
Mike Sackton: Clad, spitter.
Eric Rosenbaum: The cloud spinner. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: but do what though are we bringing the cloud spinner with us to free her? Or.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: In the what was the name of the well?
Mike Sackton: The prism? Well, prism! Well, mouth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have I heard of the prism? Well.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: But I think if we find could find the prism well, somewhere in the Feywild we could maybe
Mike Sackton: dip and or coat and or spin, and or
Mike Sackton: what cloud spinner somehow into the prism? Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm bet!
Mike Sackton: And free her in some fashion.
Kate Sackton: Also, lady Eventide seemed to think something about the
Kate Sackton: thread connection between her and Speaker.
Kate Sackton: Good!
Kate Sackton: Was that also supposed to interact with the prism. Well, did you just say something like that.
Kate Sackton: or am I making this up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, I mean she I maybe I didn't have time to write notes. So I was just improvising and maybe didn't explain it as well as I could. What she knows about the prison well, is that's where
Tim Sackton: that's where the cloud spinner went to like. Weave her magic threads.
Tim Sackton: So I guess we're the cloak of rainbows.
Mike Sackton: Can we make a second cloak of rainbows.
Tim Sackton: Well, not you, probably, but the cloud spinner, perhaps.
Mike Sackton: Maybe a really, maybe many such that you could give, like, you know, one to many other Orcs
Mike Sackton: with the with the crown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. And then a series of scepters to go with them, and.
Mike Sackton: Some rings.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could go wrong, so one might infer that the prism well is a well, not from which water
Eric Rosenbaum: flows, but light.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something like that.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that that was that was my guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then one can, with appropriate skill weave that light into a useful form.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. But what does that have to do with the prison of the clouds. Bitter? Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it can dissolve it.
Kate Sackton: Maybe we she could just be drawn back by her place of power.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it seems like we should go there. Yes, how is that? That's a pretty heavy
Eric Rosenbaum: giant chunk of crystal shard, isn't it, that she's entombed in.
Tim Sackton: It does fit in the portable home.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right forgot about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, how do we go through this thing? Do we? I assume you, go in the in that.
Eric Rosenbaum: in the water in a, or wine, or.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can leave the ship and go and explore it if you'd like to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or you can crash the ship into the tree and see what happens.
Tim Sackton: You're free.
Eric Rosenbaum: So wait.
Tim Sackton: Everything in the game of.
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 bucks, worth.
David S. Kong: Portal bigger.
David S. Kong: You make the hole bigger.
Mike Sackton: Well, if we crash the ship into the tree, maybe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The ship smaller, or also like maybe the physics of.
David S. Kong: Size like don't apply like maybe the hole is no size.
David S. Kong: Throw something in there and see what happens.
Tim Sackton: From 200 feet away. Pro. Well, actually, well be probably, or will be, probably good.
Tim Sackton: Throw something from 200 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's go. Take, let's go. Take a look.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there's nothing too mysterious about this place. It's 1 of the
Eric Rosenbaum: documented Feywild portals that's been stable for millennia right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, is that true?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not.
Tim Sackton: I think we all we all sort of
Tim Sackton: in the lore of the Paywild. But Seeker could tell people that, and nobody would know the difference.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I thought this was one of the ones in the book. It is. It's not actually.
Tim Sackton: It's not one of the ones at the that. One's in the box.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I really like, though, that seeker says that with great confidence, and the rest of us just sort of look at each other.
Mike Sackton: Hey?
Mike Sackton: Wait! Are you sure? Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. You know the the lore of the Feywild part 2, the second, the second volume.
Eric Rosenbaum: sneakers, speakers, notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So we go, go down and take a look.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you make your way down with whatever ways you normally land.
Tim Sackton: I guess many of you just jump off the as you walk in the desert along
Tim Sackton: the sand towards the tree? You start to hear sort of faint music in the distance.
Tim Sackton: and there's a smell of spiced wine and damp earth that seems to be wafting
Tim Sackton: around the tree from the tree.
Tim Sackton: and as you begin to approach, I assume you're just walking towards it.
Mike Sackton: Missions.
Tim Sackton: You can start to hear sort of distant laughter and snippets of toasts of
Tim Sackton: calls to old friends. Maybe you never part.
Tim Sackton: A little bit of the song drifts through the smell of roasting meat.
Tim Sackton: and every now and then a voice will call, Come, come, dance!
Tim Sackton: But distant, like tinkling high voices in the distance, just faintly heard, like a whisper.
Eric Rosenbaum: What language.
Mike Sackton: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: It's not. It's hard to place
Tim Sackton: it. You clearly understand the words
Tim Sackton: to seeker. It sounds dwarven to well be sambarin to
Tim Sackton: rizwin dwarven to Kenzo Dunmari to deal with Elven.
Mike Sackton: Just out of curiosity. Is there a reason? We're not just plane shifting to the prism? Well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That a thing we can just do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have that spell. I don't.
Kate Sackton: I have.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike Sackton: Quest does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Do you have a a.
Kate Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: Material component tuned to the Feywild.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there's the thread.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what about seekers? Thread.
Eric Rosenbaum: The cloud spinners thread.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do still have that right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that tuned to the feyworld.
Tim Sackton: Normally the component.
Eric Rosenbaum: And set.
Tim Sackton: For plane shift are like specific items like we have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like a tuning fork thing.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's not. I've not run them specifically as tuning forks, but in party treasure you have like.
Tim Sackton: it's not just something randomly associated with the plane. It's always
Tim Sackton: Like, for example, you've got
Tim Sackton: a small humming piece of metal which sounds like the ocean
Tim Sackton: from connected to the jade piece of Rai's hand from the Shaolin Barulis temple to Gazencoa.
Tim Sackton: which functions as a tuning fork to the plane of water you've got like
Tim Sackton: you do have one you've got looks like 3,
Tim Sackton: one attuned to the plane of air, one to the plane of water, one to an unknown plane.
Tim Sackton: But it's not. You can't just pick a red. You can't just pick some random thing that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Like somehow vaguely associated with the planes. Always specific things you need like. That's why you needed a
Tim Sackton: fresh soul to be your or the body containing a fresh soul to plane shift to the land of the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: So at the moment. I don't believe you have anything is attuned to. The Feywild
Tim Sackton: might be a useful quest at some point to find something attuned to the Feywild.
Kate Sackton: Once we pick our favorite Feywild neighborhood to show up in.
Kate Sackton: or, you know, save all of Amberglow, and it will become our favorite Bay wild neighborhood because they'll love us there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And do we know anything about
Eric Rosenbaum: what region of the Feywild this prism? Well, is in.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: I believe. Amberg. Well.
Kate Sackton: Or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it's associated with the clouds. Better? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: The between day places, speaker, when you were, or were you only in amber glow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I don't even remember
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I was only an amber glow.
Tim Sackton: You you were in. No, you went to
Kate Sackton: 2 or 2 right.
Tim Sackton: The chance. The Prince of Luck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: But I don't remember how, if somebody could perhaps remind us how one got from Chance Weaver's realm to
Kate Sackton: amber blue.
Tim Sackton: You walked.
Kate Sackton: Okay. So you can just walk between.
Eric Rosenbaum: One can simply walk.
Kate Sackton: Because if we're gonna end up wherever the other side of this is
Kate Sackton: with some wine and some party people gonna have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Kate Sackton: Amber glow, but as long as we can just walk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now that there is a geographical relation, of course, between the the map of Telgar and the different
Eric Rosenbaum: parts of Feywild.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course everyone is aware of the central conundrum in the spatiotemporal, spatial, temporal spur.
Eric Rosenbaum: the puzzling relationship between the position of the sun there versus here.
Eric Rosenbaum: and they revert the sort of inversion you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, we've all studied, I'm sure the relevant texts.
Kate Sackton: Blank stares well downstairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: the yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does seem to be the case that as you travel
Eric Rosenbaum: from west to east, the sun rises, although it never moves. The
Eric Rosenbaum: position of the sun in the sky depends on your your location in the Feywild.
Eric Rosenbaum: You knew that at least right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yes, but it is backwards, is. It sets in the east and rises in the west.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and yet, somehow the Feywild is mapped onto our map. So perhaps it's simply underneath it, or maybe we're underneath it.
Eric Rosenbaum: leading to the whole sense of time or space-time being inverted.
Mike Sackton: Let's proceed into this. Wait. Is that hole that we see on the screen actually.
Tim Sackton: There's not like a hole. It's just like tangled roots and things. There's actually like some there is like ancient bits of stone and things, but that's just the roots stretch out, and the base of the tree is like 50 feet in diameter, and they're sort of tangled roots with big.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: not caves like just little sort of crevices type things, but you can't. It's not a hole that you can go.
Mike Sackton: Right? Right? How? How's the wine? I mean, that's a pool of wine right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Any cups around.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Didn't you bring one.
Mike Sackton: I'm just looking. I'm curious if there's any cups around to here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's some cops scattered around.
Mike Sackton: Shall we go with all.
Kate Sackton: Delicate.
Kate Sackton: If that causes the transport like, are we all ready to just fall like we do? Do? We have Cloud Center with us?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, Welby, you know, Welby doesn't go anywhere without the magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bundle up.
Mike Sackton: Magic.
Kate Sackton: Well, yeah, but Cloud Spinner was in a separate part of Vidrsharna. So if we.
Mike Sackton: I assume we loaded up Cloud Spinner before we left.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: But I'm clarifying.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there aren't any simulacra floating around.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Music still is sort of pulsing and rolling, and you can occasionally actually sound like you hear
Tim Sackton: dealt with. Here is, you know, you hear your name dealt with?
Tim Sackton: Come, you'll miss the toast, dance.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Della's holding a cup of wine like
Mike Sackton: Anybody care to join me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we'll we'll be able to pick a cup up, too. Take a scoop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's give it a try. Sure.
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we leave any directions, for you know shit well, just keep them parked here.
Mike Sackton: Patrick, which trust your judgment.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're in the middle of a desert.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, do. Do we trust fund when.
Eric Rosenbaum: But he likes it.
Mike Sackton: What do we tell them like.
Tim Sackton: You know, building them up. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: In Denmark or somewhere else.
Tim Sackton: No, you're about 200 miles north of Drake.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so just like in totally uncharted territory.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Completely uncharted, maybe maybe more like 252, 5,300, some some number of miles around that north of rancor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's amazing!
Tim Sackton: Just, and the expanse of desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: So would that put us south of Amber Glow, though.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: By the usual reckoning.
Eric Rosenbaum: What region would it put us in.
Mike Sackton: Do we know anything? Do we even know when their southern border of Ambergow is? We have no idea right.
Tim Sackton: Lyrian before she died, mentioned coming via Ember Emberwine.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ember wine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Do we know about that 1? 0, man.
Tim Sackton: Not mentioned in it. It's not mentioned.
Tim Sackton: It's not mentioned directly as a in the Fae realms, as as something that
Tim Sackton: you know. Ulfgar was confident in, but there are some stories that he dismisses as apocryphal of
Tim Sackton: many ancient drankorian tales speak of
Tim Sackton: a fey realm of revelry and dance.
Tim Sackton: but he dismisses these as as ancient tales, and you know there's no modern.
Tim Sackton: no recent Chardonian confirmation of any of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it wouldn't be surprising that
Eric Rosenbaum: we're off the edge of our the map produced by recent scholars.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so this journey is also a chance to add to the scholarship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, to learning something new, I raise it a test.
Kate Sackton: Faldrick being here when we get back.
Kate Sackton: or come quickly, whoever we emerge from, if we come out another portal.
Kate Sackton: Oh, wait!
Kate Sackton: Do we have a thing to plane shift back to
Kate Sackton: the material realm. Do we need that being natively from the material realm.
Tim Sackton: I've never thought. I've always assumed that your native plane you can always just plane shift, too, because none of the creatures that cast none of the like elementals that cast plane shift ever needs something to shift back the main plane. Kate and Eric Roll. Charisma saving throws for riswin and seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ready!
Tim Sackton: And just tell just message me the result, or if you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, should I? I long rest my character sheet? Look, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Been shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not been reset.
Mike Sackton: Dialogue is also.
Tim Sackton: Rismond and Seeker vanish.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's also it's also raising a toast to a successful quest. And the
Mike Sackton: pleasant food and drink along the way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will be toast to new roads and new maps.
Tim Sackton: Okay, both of you. Charisma saving throws.
Tim Sackton: Eric. Did you roll a.
Eric Rosenbaum: 22.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Penza toasts to conquest and glory.
Tim Sackton: Trance. What did you roll for? Well, be Christmas.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For Welby, 13.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Can I? Sarcastically.
David S. Kong: Posted that and see what happens.
Tim Sackton: Make a Corinless able throw with disadvantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sarcasm doesn't pay.
David S. Kong: Well, I've got a lot of.
Mike Sackton: Sarcasm doesn't be like.
Tim Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: Back guys.
David S. Kong: Hold on! Hold on! Let me let me roll my disadvantage savings right now.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit 8!
David S. Kong: That's not good.
David S. Kong: 23, all right. So I but I I get I'm gonna use my my special key power.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: And Reroll Reroll the 8,
David S. Kong: 19.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you? Oh, wait! Hold on so.
Tim Sackton: That's the wrong thing.
Tim Sackton: Give me one sec. You all
Tim Sackton: find yourself kind of feeling like you. Well,
Tim Sackton: feeling like you are sort of stepping through almost
Tim Sackton: willingly being pulled and distorted and
Tim Sackton: and dragged through a portal, and you find yourself standing on a hill.
Tim Sackton: Well, emerging from the tree, Welby is dancing with a group of satyrs. There is
Tim Sackton: there is the upbeat. There's 2 statues playing pipes, upbeat music going. Welby seems sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know. Notices you. Obviously dancing enthusiastically. The rest of you sort of feel yourself gradually sort of ragged
Tim Sackton: through and find yourself stepping into this golden sunlight lit afternoon hill.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the sun is like perfect golden hour, sun, warm, endless afternoon, lazy and heavy. You can smell the grapes from the vineyards that surround this tree, the perfume of crushed flowers.
Tim Sackton: The wild music of the satyrs playing will be enthusiastically dancing.
Tim Sackton: and as you step through
Tim Sackton: Several of the satyrs break off and move to come, grab you and drag you into the dance.
Tim Sackton: One of them yells guests in sylvan, so I don't know who's a no seeker, and Welby speak sylvan, and
Tim Sackton: actually probably Rizrain's the only one who doesn't understand it, because Kenzo and go with understand all languages.
Tim Sackton: Well-being seeker speak sylvan
Mike Sackton: Talith also speaks Elvin.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: come, grabs your hand, pulls on. There's a scantily clad satyr
Tim Sackton: reaching for Kenzo, dragging you, trying to get you to dance.
Tim Sackton: Come, dance. Whatever sorrow you carry, let it be washed away.
David S. Kong: Tim Solsight.
Tim Sackton: Are you dancing.
Kate Sackton: I sold it.
David S. Kong: I saw side very quickly before I.
Tim Sackton: There, I mean, he's just kinda he's happy and cheerful, and
Tim Sackton: like not a threat like cr one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: Okay, like not not not like you know, manipulate like my, my dark plot to destroy these, you know. Type of
David S. Kong: yes, genuine genuinely, is having a good time.
Tim Sackton: They seem to be now, at least on your surface impressions. They're having a great time.
David S. Kong: You mean my deep soul sighting impression?
David S. Kong: Okay, alright, sure. Why not? I'll start dancing.
Tim Sackton: Oh, what's stopping you?
Tim Sackton: It's been so long since we had dwarves here
Tim Sackton: another one reaches for Riswin and turns
Tim Sackton: when he sees Briswyn, and looks a bit surprised, and says,
Tim Sackton: Which you actually find you do understand.
Tim Sackton: Who are you?
Tim Sackton: Carries a fragment of the impossible.
Tim Sackton: What are you doing here?
David S. Kong: Who's he talking to? A fragment of the impossible.
Tim Sackton: Well, then, forget the mysteries, for now
Tim Sackton: 2 of them spin around dancing in the center.
Tim Sackton: Come, forget your troubles. The sun is warm.
Kate Sackton: I introduced myself to the one who asked me. I'm a swim
Kate Sackton: pleasure to dance in the sun with you. What's your name?
Tim Sackton: I am.
Tim Sackton: Harveyal, it is quite a joy to dance with new people.
Tim Sackton: It has been so some time since such a hectic party has come through.
Tim Sackton: What brings you to our land of plenty?
Tim Sackton: What are you here to forget?
Tim Sackton: What do you leave behind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait. I don't think we are here to forget something right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker does the thing he usually does at any given kind of party or social engagement, which is kind of like, shuffle off to the side, and like kind of look like he's gonna like dance a little bit. But actually, he's actually edging off to be a wallflower and pulls out a little book or something to put his nose into, and pretend he's.
Kate Sackton: I think I would like to forget the sorrows of harrow and woe.
Tim Sackton: Speak not such darkness. Here
Tim Sackton: the sun is shining, the music is playing.
Tim Sackton: Why would you disturb it with tales of darkness and woe?
Kate Sackton: You asked.
Tim Sackton: One as seekers sort of creeping into the into the corner.
Tim Sackton: You know, swirl them out.
Tim Sackton: playing on on her pipes, kind of moves over to you and and starts to play sort of right in in Seeker's face like pushing down on the book that you're trying to look at.
Tim Sackton: Sour guests, sour grapes! I'll take that, and tries to snatch your book out of your hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no! I need that.
Tim Sackton: Make a dexterity, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next, so I not a saving throw. Just roll.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just roll a d. 20 and add your decks.
Eric Rosenbaum: 6.
Tim Sackton: 6.
Eric Rosenbaum: Total.
Tim Sackton: She grabs the book out of your hand and starts dancing off, holding it above her head.
Tim Sackton: If you want it back you'll have to dance with me.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's my notes on the
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what's it called.
Tim Sackton: Start like flipping it around upside down.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, both.
Eric Rosenbaum: That notes on the usage of our ice weaponry on the ship. Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'll cast Mage hand and have the hand dance over towards her, and like dance around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker's trying to get his groove on, too. He's like, all right. Come on.
Mike Sackton: But then it'll grab the book at some point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks!
Tim Sackton: Trixie elf.
Mike Sackton: And dance back over to the seeker and drop it on him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: The seeker licks a finger to hold it up to the breeze, as if to sort of try to get a sense of
Eric Rosenbaum: directions, looks up, looks for the sun in the sky, thinks we need to. We need to be moving north. I think.
Tim Sackton: It's late afternoon. It's it's golden hour.
Mike Sackton: We don't. Why.
Tim Sackton: Why you no, no, no! She shakes her finger at you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: Trying a sort of mockingly imitating seeker. Where do you seek to go on such a beautiful evening?
Tim Sackton: Surely here with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We dance never has to end.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally we accept your hospitality, but we are
Eric Rosenbaum: on a quest. Perhaps you could dance with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We seek.
Eric Rosenbaum: The region of Amberglow.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: We think.
Mike Sackton: A week could.
Tim Sackton: Amber cloud.
Tim Sackton: Pop!
Tim Sackton: Why is that dreary talk?
Tim Sackton: Nothing but shades and decay? There come, this is a land of joy.
Tim Sackton: But when she says Joy, there's like a slight
Tim Sackton: sort of forcedness to her voice.
Tim Sackton: The party never ends.
Mike Sackton: We are here to bring change.
Tim Sackton: She looks kind of, and stops for a moment, just ceases dancing, and everybody stops
Tim Sackton: for a moment, and the music pauses.
Tim Sackton: There is no change in amber wine.
Tim Sackton: Come, foolish elf! Have you not been to the Feywild before?
Tim Sackton: Do you not know the realm? Is the realm.
Mike Sackton: He comes to bring change.
Mike Sackton: we will be on our way if Emberwine is not the place where change is to be brought.
Mike Sackton: but devilth will say that slightly, more eloquently less tongue-tied.
Tim Sackton: Make a persuasion, check.
Mike Sackton: Go.
Mike Sackton: It's not yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's the same.
Mike Sackton: I rolled a save, but it's the same.
Tim Sackton: Kind of looks.
Tim Sackton: Several of them, you know, sort of move around towards dealt with, you know, looking
Tim Sackton: slightly distraught slightly like you've brought a sort of sour note to the party.
Tim Sackton: Turning and looking at Welby, saying.
Tim Sackton: Why are you bringing such a yeah.
Tim Sackton: a discordant tune to our dance?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And Welby's still dancing, but there's a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know. There's something in him that's getting more suspicious. The
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like. What you all were saying were reminding him of something that he had forgotten along the way, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Didn't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Didn't we come here today? Is this not what we came here for?
Eric Rosenbaum: Friends, friends, we we're on a quest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Tim Sackton: Aqua.
Tim Sackton: one of the one of the
Tim Sackton: the the pipe player, sort of breaks into a dramatic, the quest of the dwarf halfling the Alf.
Tim Sackton: A human needs a better name. Better title, title. What's the title of your quest?
Tim Sackton: Be a ballad, an epic ballad to sing at the parties.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here!
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Kate Sackton: And Dr. Sharna's crew. Adventure in the bank.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we could. Just let's see
Eric Rosenbaum: how everyone feels about the clouds.
Tim Sackton: The red.
Tim Sackton: How everybody feels about the cloud spinner is not the title of a ballad.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I mean.
Tim Sackton: More.
Eric Rosenbaum: T.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rescue of the cloud spinner.
Tim Sackton: Now that is a tale of drama to be sung in courts across the land.
Tim Sackton: Come, come telling me this tale.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's only just begun.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we're a bit stalled in the 1st chapter, because we can't get where we're going. Unfortunately, for a very specific
Eric Rosenbaum: reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: But if we could just dance in a direction, I see that we're orbiting a single spot right now. But it can be even more fun to dance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey? Have you ever experimented with like a dancing in a line?
Eric Rosenbaum: We just need one
Eric Rosenbaum: particularly excellent dancer to be the leader of the line, and we can all you know, each person holds the shoulders of the one in front, and we'll just travel as we dance.
Tim Sackton: And where would we dance to, O Master dwarf of the red hair and red cloak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I actually have a sense of what direction would be good to go.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to judge direct. I mean, you can.
Tim Sackton: It's late afternoon, right? So you know which way north is presumably yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's the opposite of which way North would be in, and
Eric Rosenbaum: In the material played. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The material plane, but in the opposite direction it is the same direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do we need to do to just like stop dancing and leave these people.
Eric Rosenbaum: I still think we could get them all in the Conga line. We just need someone who's willing to dance at the head of the line
Eric Rosenbaum: is any. Is any of us a dancer?
David S. Kong: Carlos.
Kate Sackton: And so.
David S. Kong: Kenzo's got acrobatic skills. He goes to the front of the line and starts a Congo a Congo
David S. Kong: Do they follow.
Tim Sackton: You're you're heading north through the fields.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they they follow for a little bit. They seem interested.
Tim Sackton: you're new and exciting. They haven't, you know.
Tim Sackton: You know they haven't. That certainly seems like they haven't seen
Tim Sackton: such interesting, interesting crew in a while.
Tim Sackton: so they sort of follow you dancing.
Tim Sackton: you're not like magically compelled to dance. You could just leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or.
Tim Sackton: Or you can, Gonga.
Tim Sackton: You could leave
Tim Sackton: as you get a little way out from the tree, the sort of line and the the
Tim Sackton: the music and the and the satyrs dancing. You can see a little bit more of the landscape now.
Tim Sackton: to your left, so you're heading north to the west you can see a river, a broad, lazy river that's flowing sort of roughly northwest to
Tim Sackton: the southeast.
Tim Sackton: It's it's red. It looks like the pools of water that were by the
Tim Sackton: by the base of the tree.
Tim Sackton: warm, sort of warm sort of reddish, liquid flowing.
Tim Sackton: You can see
Tim Sackton: all around you. You can see these basically gentle rolling hills dotted with vineyards. All of the vineyards are
Tim Sackton: The fruit's bursting
Tim Sackton: to ripeness in most places. Mostly you catch the sort of sweet smell of grapes, but every here and there there's like clusters that have fallen out
Tim Sackton: fruit fermenting on the vine.
Tim Sackton: It's warm, there's there's lots of
Tim Sackton: bees around. You can hear the sort of
Tim Sackton: whispers of the insects on on the sun.
Tim Sackton: Everything feels very lazy except for the, you know, frenetic energy of the satyrs dancing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we're gonna need a better way to travel.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: This, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's probably a river of wine, but you know it's red right.
Mike Sackton: but we can sail on the wine. Dark sea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's make our way over to the river.
Eric Rosenbaum: How how far is it.
Tim Sackton: Hard to judge distance. Maybe a couple of miles
Eric Rosenbaum: We could dance a couple of miles.
Tim Sackton: You start, you start to sort of head in that direction.
Tim Sackton: The one of the statures, the one who was grabbing Seeker's book and sort of chasing him around a little bit.
Tim Sackton: You wish to see the river sample its wares.
Tim Sackton: That is a joyous thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Many who drink to forget find themselves there.
Tim Sackton: Let us dance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there any craft rowing or sailing on this river?
Tim Sackton: You do. Yeah, there are
Tim Sackton: some distance away, sort of in the in the
Tim Sackton: up sort of to the north a little bit, but sailing roughly in your direction, like following the flow of the river, you see what looks like a
Tim Sackton: a barge with like a
Tim Sackton: canopy awning like fairly big. It's big enough that from, you know, 3 miles away it's fairly clear that you could see it right. So it's not some little ship.
Tim Sackton: Seems I'll be just slowly drifting.
Mike Sackton: We want to go upriver right, not downriver, you think, which weighs north.
Tim Sackton: Up river is northwest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Why do you wish to go to?
Tim Sackton: Ever lights bloom?
Tim Sackton: It's nothing fun there.
Mike Sackton: Wait? Where did where did she say.
Tim Sackton: Why do you wish to go to Everlake's bloom? There is nothing fun there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't that what Lydia said she was from.
Tim Sackton: Lyrian. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We are.
Mike Sackton: One who perished in our world.
Mike Sackton: It's from there, at least most recently.
Mike Sackton: who wish to bring news of her passing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Not all things in life are fun.
Tim Sackton: Kind of outs. Briefly, it got dealt with, and sticks her tongue out.
Tim Sackton: You have lived the wrong life, then
Tim Sackton: try a better one next time
Tim Sackton: harm. If you wish to bring such sad tidings, then we will dance elsewhere.
Tim Sackton: Go, Sourgast.
Mike Sackton: Can we head on towards the river? I mean, I don't know. A barge is not going to be that useful, because it's not going to go upriver, but.
Tim Sackton: Kind of the sad ear is kind of
Tim Sackton: drift off a little bit. Kind of put off slightly by
Tim Sackton: the news that dealt with seeks to bring, and the
Tim Sackton: sound of their pipes fades slowly.
Tim Sackton: leaving just the quiet buzz of the insects and the warm
Tim Sackton: afternoon late afternoon. It's really evening. It's like golden hour air
Tim Sackton: as you begin making your way through the vineyards towards the river itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Requests to find a good spot to nap. That's what we're doing right.
Mike Sackton: Step, one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gotta keep going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Onwards.
Tim Sackton: So sometime later you find yourself at the banks of the river.
Tim Sackton: You've
Tim Sackton: roughly traveled at the same pace as the barge, so it's, you know, maybe a quarter mile upriver from you. As you reach the banks.
Tim Sackton: The river is wide and slow moving, and the barge is not moving very fast as it floats downriver, but you can hear the sound of laughter.
Tim Sackton: and there's clearly people sitting standing milling about on the barge as they drift down the river.
Kate Sackton: Are we planning to sort of hop on the barge, and then hop off on the other side of the river, or.
Mike Sackton: The barge is going the wrong direction, so I don't know what good it does us.
Kate Sackton: Literally think of it as a bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate Sackton: Like we just want to keep going north.
Kate Sackton: Isn't the river in our way?
Eric Rosenbaum: We could ask around about.
Tim Sackton: The rivers. The river runs northwest.
Tim Sackton: it runs from northwest to southeast.
Mike Sackton: So we could just follow it. It's not precisely our way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's head on as as quick as we can like. We don't know
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how much time's passing in the world, either. Right.
Mike Sackton: That is true.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: Walking might be that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, we could just we could just walk. I just don't know what the.
Kate Sackton: That's why we wanted to bring our flying airship.
Mike Sackton: It is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yay, no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What kind of features are.
Eric Rosenbaum: The barge.
Mike Sackton: Whoops.
Eric Rosenbaum: What kind of what's teachers are on the barge.
Tim Sackton: they look. I mean, it's it's maybe a a quarter mile away or a little bit less than that. So it's not
Tim Sackton: You can't really see like details super clearly, but they look humanoid, although there's some
Tim Sackton: almost elf-like from a distance. But probably not elves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Mostly sort of sitting and sort of lazing around, but but wearing, you know, they're not satyrs, right? They're not like mostly naked, wearing leaves for clothes with horns. There seem sort of elegant, you know, humanoid
Tim Sackton: types.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: But again it's like a quarter mile away, so it's hard to see much detail.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody think we should ask them for help getting where we're going?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Part should we keep? Should we keep what we're doing quieter, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if people came across dimensions to find and kill us for doing this work like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do we need to move with more secrecy through this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right!
Mike Sackton: Keep Cloud Spinner secret. But we could have a different mission, like bringing news of
Mike Sackton: where is death back to ever bloom forever white, ever, ever so much.
Tim Sackton: Lights, bloom.
Mike Sackton: Ever lights, bloom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: As a cover story.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we think the prism well is in Ambergold.
Mike Sackton: We assume it's an amber glow.
Kate Sackton: Lights. Bloom is in the amber glove, or was it.
Mike Sackton: We have no.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: No idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! It's.
Mike Sackton: I would guess it's in between here and there. But yeah.
Tim Sackton: Presumably not in. It's not part of Emory.
Tim Sackton: the different Fay round, but it's
Tim Sackton: maybe on the border of Amberglow. It's
Tim Sackton: a little bit hard to know for sure.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's just let's ask for help. Getting for everlight to everlight's bloom with our cover story being.
Mike Sackton: we're bringing news of.
Kate Sackton: Hey, Lyra? And we want to.
Mike Sackton: Whereas demise, and could even say, we're his demise of the agents of Hero and Wend.
Mike Sackton: Nobody's gonna like those people right.
Kate Sackton: Right the one.
Kate Sackton: Do we want to mention that we have her lantern lantern.
Mike Sackton: Is it no longer lit? It went out when she died right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, cause nobody's currently attuned to it.
Mike Sackton: Right right right.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does it do?
Mike Sackton: We don't really know.
Tim Sackton: It was, it was it was leading her.
Tim Sackton: It led this fade woman, Lyrian, to the cloud spinner.
Tim Sackton: and the idea is that until you rescued the cloud spinner from the circular island. It was dark.
Tim Sackton: and it blazed to light when the cloud spinner was returned.
Tim Sackton: And it let her track.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: You, but then also the like dark, shadowy creature from the dark place
Tim Sackton: on the other side of the Sunset Gate had one of them as well. That was like dark and twisted into his shadows, and presumably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: That creature found you so there may be others out there, although
Tim Sackton: presumably from what you know of the Faye, it's not likely that the agents of
Tim Sackton: Harrow and Wend would be free to roam
Tim Sackton: unmolested in some other fey realms. Feylords, realm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Which is why we thought it would be safer here than in our.
Tim Sackton: Now in amber glow. All bets are off, but.
Mike Sackton: I think we should hail the boat, and I think we should ask for help from everybody who we can to get to everlights. Everlight's bloom.
Kate Sackton: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Kate Sackton: Here. We'll ask to get to Everlas Bloom. When we get to Everlas Bloom. We'll figure out how we're getting there.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Kate Sackton: That was.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you wait a few moments as the barge gets closer. As you're standing on the banks of the river.
Tim Sackton: As it gets closer. You see.
Tim Sackton: You know. You see, this is, there's maybe about 20 people on this barge.
Tim Sackton: A mix of men and women, all dressed mostly in sort of
Tim Sackton: relatively elegant clothing, all humanoid human looking, but somehow a little
Tim Sackton: a little brighter. They all have, you know. They mostly tend to have sort of
Tim Sackton: almost like glowing eyes. Many of them have reddish hair.
Tim Sackton: and they're all sort of sitting languidly. They seem to be
Tim Sackton: every now and then like dipping glasses into the river and and drinking out of it, and they seem to be
Tim Sackton: sort of sitting around a circle listening to
Tim Sackton: a woman in the middle of the barge, who's playing a lute sort of quietly and slowly.
Tim Sackton: and there's a at the back. There's a there's a
Tim Sackton: man standing with like a big oar, who's sort of steering the barge as it slowly.
Tim Sackton: and when you when you get close enough and you sort of hail them
Tim Sackton: he calls out. He's he's tall. He's maybe 6 feet tall. Sort of skin kind of the color of rust, sort of
Tim Sackton: reddish.
Tim Sackton: Call it our, but sort of almost faintly glowing long sort of
Tim Sackton: very pale golden hair, tied back in a ponytail, wearing this like elegantly cut silver clothes, with red buttons that run up the middle of the coat.
Tim Sackton: and he
Tim Sackton: He calls calls out to you as you hail
Tim Sackton: travelers, what brings you to our realm.
Tim Sackton: and he begins to slow the barge slightly.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: I'll give him a little spiel like apologizing for interrupting the party, and you know we have come here
Mike Sackton: on a quest, and we are seeking his aid in getting to ever white bloom.
Mike Sackton: Or we have sad tidings to bring to
Mike Sackton: that realm of the death of we're in.
Mike Sackton: Enter Golden Stag, or something like that. I'll give her some of her titles. Right. Recite some of Larian's titles.
Mike Sackton: Can you direct us, or help us, or assist us in any way? We would greatly appreciate the
Mike Sackton: anything you could do to speed us on our journey.
Tim Sackton: He looks kind of his his face falls a little bit. He looks.
Tim Sackton: He looks slightly disappointed.
Tim Sackton: And here I thought you had come to join us on the last draught
Tim Sackton: for our voyage to the Sunwine halls.
Tim Sackton: And yet you say you will leave this land for them
Tim Sackton: bright stasis of everlight's bloom.
Tim Sackton: Such a tragedy, are you sure would not hear our tale?
Mike Sackton: Our duty calls, unfortunately, cannot be shaken from our quest.
Tim Sackton: The Golden Prince cares not for those who leave.
Tim Sackton: What makes you believe he will wish tidings of this
Tim Sackton: Lyrian. You said her name once.
Mike Sackton: Even if the Golden Prince is not disturbed by her fall, he may wish to know
Mike Sackton: what brought it about.
Tim Sackton: He looks make a deception check.
Mike Sackton: Not saying anything false.
Eric Rosenbaum: If.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're omitting.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. What would you make for? Convince him that you know something about? You know absolutely nothing about.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, that's I mean that's fair. No, that's fair. 21.
Tim Sackton: He looks kind of, you know, hazard at you.
Tim Sackton: but sort of shrugs his shoulders. Huh!
Tim Sackton: Will not press into the business of strange travelers.
Tim Sackton: But hmm!
Tim Sackton: I guess if you seek everlight's bloom, just
Tim Sackton: follow the river. If your mission is true, your steps will be quick.
Tim Sackton: You must have been to Everlake's room before. Yes.
Mike Sackton: I have not. No.
Tim Sackton: He looks kind of surprised to hear that
Tim Sackton: is now stopped the barge, and you can, you know, hear the the
Tim Sackton: soft sound of the lyre. The the people on the barge kind of lazing around a bit sort of lying in the sun. Several of them are dozing.
Tim Sackton: One woman's got her fingers trailing in the in the water.
Tim Sackton: her sleeve sort of dripping into the river a little bit, seemingly uncaring.
Tim Sackton: He looks. He gives you as this the
Tim Sackton: the barge master gives you this sort of
Tim Sackton: strange look, like something's clearly not adding, Up with your story.
Tim Sackton: The do you have to.
Tim Sackton: Papers.
Tim Sackton: Desires are his own, and
Tim Sackton: should he wish a stranger to bring him tidings of one who left his land?
Tim Sackton: If you truly are on a
Tim Sackton: kind of shakes his head.
Tim Sackton: I will not stop the will of the lords.
Tim Sackton: Let your feet carry you where they may.
Tim Sackton: Kind of mutters to himself, Foolish mortals!
Tim Sackton: I bid you a fond afternoon and pleasant journeys.
Tim Sackton: kind of shakes his head a little bit, pushes off.
Mike Sackton: Shall we continue along the river.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: So what is what is your actual goal at the moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I said anything false.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm it. I just want to know what your actual goal is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think we want to get to the prism. Well, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we don't know where that is.
Tim Sackton: You have absolutely no idea where that is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we have a description of it, so like I with my bow, I have an arrow of seeking, but I have to have, like some amount of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): understanding of the thing that we're seeking.
Mike Sackton: I think our goal is to find somebody who knew we're in
Mike Sackton: is to go to Everlight's bloom, find somebody who knew what, who knew we're in, and then.
Mike Sackton: although I don't know how that helps us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we could ask people if they know where Prismwell is.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we know? What do we know about the prison? Well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we know that it exists. We sort of know functionally what it does.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that the cloud spinner used it. That's it.
Tim Sackton: You know that it was secret enough that
Tim Sackton: a relatively minor court lady did not know the location of the prison ball.
Tim Sackton: otherwise, presumably, she would have told you where the prison wall was.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And Lyrian didn't know about the prison well, at all.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an interesting point about Lady Eventide
Eric Rosenbaum: could help us. If Seeker just goes to sleep.
Mike Sackton: But what does she know?
Mike Sackton: She doesn't know where the prison well is?
Eric Rosenbaum: She doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Now she would have told us
Tim Sackton: you would have told you if you knew neither of the pay you've met so far.
Tim Sackton: Well, neither Lyrian nor Lady Eventide know where the prison well is, otherwise they would have mentioned it immediately.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just wonder
Eric Rosenbaum: in the wilderness until we find like one of those giant signs with like a little star like you are here, and
Eric Rosenbaum: I like at the Mall.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Information Booth.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3.
Mike Sackton: So, okay, we could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Welcome Welcome Center.
Mike Sackton: We could go to Amberglow and go to Cloud Spinner's old palace and look for clues right?
Mike Sackton: Or we could look for allies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Allies. We need to find Allies somehow.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what else we would do. Those seem like our only 2 choices.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, on the they go to the palace and looks for clues.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's pretty straightforward on the Allies thing like, who do we know who were our allies
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mean like, do? Where? Where would we start.
Mike Sackton: Do we know anything at all about the Feywild.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, Fina is our ally.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I gotcha, we can always ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where to find her.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's true, it's true.
Tim Sackton: I gotta know, actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I haven't heard.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, we're friends now, right.
Tim Sackton: I know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Too bad!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about another court like? What about the ruler of another court who oh, cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I visited the chance Weaver's Court, and just just barely escaped with my life insanity. But.
Mike Sackton: That's why I was thinking of going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we're putting that on the list.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's that's the idea of everlights bloom is that maybe somebody there cares.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: I just. It's difficult to untangle fake politics.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right like it. It seems like it's also possible. None of them care at all about anything else like.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That there aren't allies per se.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Look.
Tim Sackton: Talking as you walk.
Tim Sackton: Time's passing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How much time is passing in the other world.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we don't know.
Tim Sackton: Have a way of knowing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I do right because I have a moon phase necklace.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: How cool.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's not like days are passing for every minute here.
Tim Sackton: Right? It's it's the phase of the moon is not like changing rapidly. So if it's
Tim Sackton: if time is not running quite linearly, it's, you know, maybe
Tim Sackton: 10% faster or 10% slower or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright! I'll keep an eye on that periodically.
Tim Sackton: But your footsteps are feeling sort of heavy.
Tim Sackton: The sun is warm in the late afternoon.
Tim Sackton: the smell of the vines is sweet and dreary, I mean
Tim Sackton: makes your eyes droop a little bit.
Tim Sackton: You can press on, but certainly your footsteps are not.
Tim Sackton: You're not racing lightly across the landscape. The miles passing beneath you in some sort of mystical way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! We're trudging more. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You're trudging.
Tim Sackton: There's just nothing is stopping you from.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could do the spell. Warrior. All birds right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, animal shapes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Animal shapes. Thank you.
Mike Sackton: We need a purpose here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, we're
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just like, is there anything on the horizon? Is there any kind of like 2, 8, 1, 2.
Tim Sackton: Hold inside, later rolling hills.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: River on your left, the water gently lapping the scent of the wine. A sort of intoxicating haze
Tim Sackton: drifts across your nose and makes you feel that sort of, you know, tryptophan tiredness as your.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, maybe we.
Tim Sackton: Very true to life.
Eric Rosenbaum: She's just just let it happen, you know. Just take a seat somewhere warm.
Mike Sackton: This place is not where allies will be found.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, yeah. Look at the latest.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do we get? How do we get it somewhere else?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe this is our destination, you know it's great. It's nice here.
Mike Sackton: Yes,
Mike Sackton: our goal.
Mike Sackton: I'll just, I'll say to the world here, right?
Mike Sackton: Our our goal is to find is an ally.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: And it is not here that we will find one.
Mike Sackton: We move on to a new place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Agreed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps I perhaps I could just teleport us to the horizon.
Tim Sackton: Nothing, stopping teleport from working.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's funny, because it's like, even if it's not accurate, and randomly scatters us to a different spot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: What difference does.
Kate Sackton: Not here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean we could. You could also fly up a ways to get a longer horizon and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): choose a point. Maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the ground, though, to teleport to. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or I could clairvoyance up like a mile, and then teleport like hundreds of miles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's Glenn.
Kate Sackton: That's cool. Let's do clairvoyance and teleport, or just fly like birds. Let's get moving.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait. How long can we turn into.
Tim Sackton: Can you turn us all into animals like animals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shapes last 24 h.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just a question of if we're exhausted.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I think target statistics are replaced by the chosen beast statistics.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyway. Yeah, I think we could. We could just fly for a day if we wanted to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody feel like being ravens, or
Eric Rosenbaum: who? What's the personality of our party here, what are.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're after? A.
Mike Sackton: Didn't we have a whole conversation about the fastest birds.
Eric Rosenbaum: When we did this in Colorado.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I just don't remember what we decided.
David S. Kong: Erin's.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's like.
Kate Sackton: Ox.
Mike Sackton: No, but hawks aren't that fast.
Mike Sackton: There was some sort of.
Kate Sackton: Secretary.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you want you want to. You want something with good stamina, not with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we be albatrosses.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Pelagic water birds, sure. Fine.
Kate Sackton: totally in place over the vineyards of the farewells.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know. It's not any weirder than anything else going on here.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is a weird place.
Kate Sackton: Magic Water Birds of the Wine River.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there between animal shapes and clairvoyance teleport? Is there like a difference in the spell? Slot economy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question helped.
Tim Sackton: 8th level clairvoyant's teleport is 7th and 3.rd
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Feels you too. Bro.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, let's do. Let's do animal shapes or no. Let's do clairvoyant's teleport or no.
David S. Kong: Cheers.
Eric Rosenbaum: The clairvoyance teleport. One is funnier, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I like it a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do it.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I will position my eye. I can just put myself a mile straight up right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do I see? Looking north.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: okay, let's see chat. Gpt says
Tim Sackton: from a mile up you can see that that can't be right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 89 miles. That seems too short.
David S. Kong: You decide, Tim, you're the ruler.
Kate Sackton: You regulate the curvature of the earth in Talgar, anyway. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right. It's the secret space.
Tim Sackton: Oh, in a fantasy context, atmospheric clarity and magic might stretch this
Kate Sackton: Like the curvature of the earth.
Tim Sackton: Exactly, and elevated features are, oh, yeah, no. This is based on the curvature of the earth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jupiter, we'd see much further.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, exactly. So, looking up, you scan around the horizon.
Tim Sackton: From a mile above you.
Tim Sackton: So to the north you can see in the distance. It's actually a bit.
Tim Sackton: It's strange, like the the
Tim Sackton: When you're looking sort of due north, you can see it almost like fades into a painting like you can see
Tim Sackton: the vineyards and the rolling hills, and they seem to continue. And there's there's like a haze in the air in that direction.
Tim Sackton: And as you, as you sort of stare through your clairvoyant sensor, it almost feels like you're
Tim Sackton: like you're looking at a like a a matte painting background of a of a set.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Tim Sackton: Looking in that direction like it, like it, like
Tim Sackton: something seems slightly off about the horizon.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's vegans.
Tim Sackton: Scan in a circle, but you can see sort of you can maybe pick out landmarks like you can tell.
Tim Sackton: Some hills are different, right like there's some sort of I mean it's not. It's not. It's repetitive, but it's not identical. Right? There's like little groves of trees. There's rock outcroppings that stand out. You don't see very many people, but like in, you know, occasionally, like on a hill, there will be.
Tim Sackton: It's like one little column of smoke rising up in the distance on a hill.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Tim Sackton: App, looking to the sort of scanning to the west, just to get the whole horizon, you can see
Tim Sackton: the path of the river leading northwest.
Tim Sackton: rolling through these hills, and as it
Tim Sackton: as it goes in the distance the the light gets brighter in that direction, and you can see some distance off
Tim Sackton: up the river. It, it seems to.
Tim Sackton: it seems to sort of shine a little bit brighter somehow, like there's light reflecting off the river like a mirror
Tim Sackton: in the distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, because the sun is higher in that direction. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Scanning due west.
Tim Sackton: The land sort of gradually starts to slope up, but the vines seem, the the hills seem to go forever
Tim Sackton: scanning to the south, following the path of the river to the southeast. You can see some distance away, but
Tim Sackton: sort of clear, like more.
Tim Sackton: almost as if you're looking through a telescope. When you're looking in that direction, you can see large open
Tim Sackton: sort of field amidst some vines and rolling hills, with a huge sort of stone pavilion built on a hill, looking out over
Tim Sackton: what seems to be, although you don't quite understand how you can
Tim Sackton: see these details from what must be at least 50 miles, if not longer, although again, it's really hard to make any sense of distance in the Faywell
Tim Sackton: tents set up in the gardens of this stone pavilion.
Tim Sackton: Lights strung from tent to tent
Tim Sackton: and then scanning, you know more.
Tim Sackton: Coming back around to the east, the lion, the the
Tim Sackton: The vines seem to go again sort of endlessly in that direction, but
Tim Sackton: you can see again in the distance, like it must be very far away. You don't quite understand how you can see this far.
Tim Sackton: There's what looks like a wall made of crystal.
Tim Sackton: and it's shining with this deep golden amber red color.
Tim Sackton: almost like somebody, took the sunset and froze it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that the wall that's protecting the Feywild from the dark.
Tim Sackton: Can't see anything beyond the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we need to stay away from there, probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well seekers jotting down down his his notes for his report to the Society of multiversal geographers.
Eric Rosenbaum: but considers that perhaps we could simply try to teleport ourselves all to whoever's got a campfire going
Eric Rosenbaum: away north of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody else have a different idea.
Mike Sackton: No go for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if I roll to teleport with viewed once.
Mike Sackton: Finally gonna fail. By the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have about a 26% chance of nailing it.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's it!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, we have a hundred percent chance seeker has never failed. There's no indication that seeker will ever fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have no buffs, or do I have heroic inspiration if I need it? That would be a.
Tim Sackton: You have her inspiration if you need it. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, what's the worst that could happen here? I mean, a mishap does what exactly.
Tim Sackton: Take damage. Then then I roll
Tim Sackton: technically. I'm supposed to roll, but I don't like I like letting you roll, but if you suffer a mishap, I I roll again to determine what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I I cast teleport.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And 5 min.
Tim Sackton: Just roll it. Don't tell anybody else. Just message me what you roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: So how do I do that.
Tim Sackton: If you go, you can just click on the little dice, click on the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, in Dnd T. And d beyond.
Tim Sackton: Community beyond, and just change it from everyone to the Self or DM. Or whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stuff
Eric Rosenbaum: where? Okay, but
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shook.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's laughter of success, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's triumph exactly. You can.
Mike Sackton: Always reroll with the heroic inspiration. If you want to.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I should. Heroic inspiration. Reroll. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Hi guy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, I mean, be even more on target than you already.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're back.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Well, again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I oh, I see. Just same same thing. Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'll just do this one to everyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is a 17 that time.
Tim Sackton: Okay, roll again.
Mike Sackton: Are we gonna die?
Tim Sackton: You might all die, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's cool. You guys.
Tim Sackton: Second.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're doing great, and that's 99, Jesus Christ.
Mike Sackton: No, that's good. 90 nine's on target.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's that's almost the best possible outcome we could have had this. That's remarkable.
Tim Sackton: The seeker begins to cast a spell.
Mike Sackton: Boop.
Tim Sackton: And you feel the land around you sort of shifting and distorting.
Tim Sackton: and it feels as if you're being dragged through a wall of of
Tim Sackton: like.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, like a wall.
Tim Sackton: And everybody takes 38 points of force damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, jeez.
David S. Kong: Is it coming from a source.
Tim Sackton: It's coming from Seeker's inability to teleport in the Feywild.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Tim Sackton: You can't, you can't. You can't lodge or redirect.
Eric Rosenbaum: You too.
Mike Sackton: So I'm not.
Tim Sackton: 38. Yep, and then you find yourself dragged.
Tim Sackton: and suddenly the land distorts and stretches, and then snaps back again, and you sort of stumble forward into
Tim Sackton: a clearing.
Tim Sackton: There you're on a hill.
Tim Sackton: There's a small, a small cottage here.
Tim Sackton: It's it's roof woven of like sort of vines that have gone amber that are sort of golden red, like like vines that have turned in the in the autumn to this sort of golden red color. There's a couple of apple trees growing outside
Tim Sackton: laden with ripe fruit.
Tim Sackton: There's a camp does like a
Tim Sackton: fire pit with a spit over it, and a giant iron pot resting in the fire pit. And there's a chimney with a swirl of smoke coming up from the inside of the from the
Tim Sackton: chimney on this sort of cottage with it, with a curl of smoke coming up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nutsch.
Kate Sackton: It's still feel all golden autumnal, lady, and.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The light hasn't changed.
Kate Sackton: Faint music and sort of thing.
Tim Sackton: There's no, you're sort of there's not. There's no vineyards that are sort of that close to here. But you smell like soup cooking in the pot
Tim Sackton: and you know, apples smells like somebody's baked an apple pie somewhere.
Tim Sackton: The door to the cottage is closed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gonna be like I got a sister in law.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is deeply suspicious, like the fact that all of this seems so like good and wonderful and cozy, like a hundred percent of this cottage is gonna eat us
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like there's no possible way. Anything is good right now. Seeker, where are we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we made it
Eric Rosenbaum: secret kind of turns back as though to try to get a line of sight on where we came from, but that's clearly impossible.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did intend to teleport us to a place that I saw. Smoke rising from smoke is rising from this place. Ergo, complete success.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry about this slight pummeling we took along the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: My record is flawless.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: My initial roll was a 2, by the way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should we knock.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. What about you? Go up to the door and knock.
Tim Sackton: You hear this sort of bright, cheerful voice from within
Tim Sackton: coming coming one moment, patience, patience!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, we'll be ready's the Dodge action.
Tim Sackton: About a minute later a
Tim Sackton: sort of strange looking creature, about 5 foot tall,
Tim Sackton: mostly humanoid looking, but with a head with rabbit ears and a head that looks like
Tim Sackton: that looks sort of like a human face crossed with a rabbit face.
Tim Sackton: Basically like a humanoid rabbit.
Tim Sackton: She's, you know.
Tim Sackton: Wearing an apron.
Tim Sackton: She's she's like carrying a pie around as she
Tim Sackton: bumps the door open and and she hands it with this cloth to Welby. Hold that, please. One moment, one moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I say, like Welby's very perceptive, so like is there blood under her fingernails, or like their bones sticking out of the pie, or like.
Tim Sackton: Make a perception, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 23.
Tim Sackton: There's no you don't see any blood, or the only slightly strange thing is, you can't see the
Tim Sackton: like back of the house.
Tim Sackton: It's like sort of dark and dim inside, and there's some light coming in from the windows. But wait
Tim Sackton: can't see where it ends like there's not an obvious back wall.
Tim Sackton: you take the pot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby's remembering like anglerfish.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and like sort of looking at this pie like, it's a happy little light dancing in front of a giant mouth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But yeah, I take the pie.
Tim Sackton: Thank you, thank you, darling.
Tim Sackton: I'll be right back.
Tim Sackton: Goes off.
Tim Sackton: You hear the sound of water running. She like seems to go around a corner somewhere, and then
Tim Sackton: you can't quite tell, like you can't quite see where she went.
Tim Sackton: and then, like you hear the sound of water running, and a sigh, and then a minute later.
Tim Sackton: she comes back.
Tim Sackton: The pot! The apron is gone. She's clearly washed her hands. Paws she's sort of like combed her hair a little bit.
Mike Sackton: Of course.
Tim Sackton: Travelers. Yes, thanks. So feel free to set it down. And she just kind of reaches behind her and drags a table out from somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Come, come, sit, relax, tell me, why are you here?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is inside the house or in front of the house.
Tim Sackton: In front of the house.
Tim Sackton: She's like pulling chairs out. She like it's like clowns coming out of the car.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Okay. So we sit at the picnic table.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know we've gotten a little bit turned around here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, where?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are we right now?
Tim Sackton: Where are you? Well, of course that is the question, isn't it? Well.
Tim Sackton: you're in late afternoon, as you can see
Tim Sackton: another way. You might put it is
Tim Sackton: Emberwine, you know that place? Yes, you've
Tim Sackton: You've been here before.
Tim Sackton: No, you look a bit stunned by the Feywild, I might say.
Tim Sackton: have some pie. She starts cutting it up.
Tim Sackton: You're at Auntie Mulberry's house. Of course you must have known that appearing here out of nowhere like that with a boom and a thud and a crash of breaking glass. What was that all about?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But Welby telepathically says to Kenzo, Soul Site.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David S. Kong: What's going on.
Tim Sackton: What's going on? Let's see this is so sad
Tim Sackton: I gotta just double check. What suicide does.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Think it. Just let you, too deceived soul, side.
Kate Sackton: Chat.
Mike Sackton: Chatgpt. How do I trick soul? Site.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it I
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you're only aware of its basic emotional state. It doesn't like give you, you know, deep secrets or anything like that, just to be clear. She's super curious about visitors.
Tim Sackton: pretty, cheerful and happy.
Tim Sackton: She's like, you know, the R.
Tim Sackton: 6 or something like that not? You know. Nothing like you, but not just some sort of random Satur, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: pie, Humcom.
Tim Sackton: Don't be ungracious guests. I baked it for you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It is so thoughtful of you. I am absolutely stuffed right now. I wish I could, and I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just can't.
Tim Sackton: So. Why have you come, then, and disturbed my
Tim Sackton: peaceful rest, if not to have a cheerful meal, and tell us some tales.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably looks over and dealt with at this point.
Mike Sackton: Well, well, they're always happy to share some tales.
Mike Sackton: Okay, he starts absent-mindedly eating a slice of pie. Go on.
Mike Sackton: What sort of tale would you like to hear a happy tale or a sad tale.
Tim Sackton: Oh, a happy tale!
Tim Sackton: Nobody tells sad tales in emblem.
Mike Sackton: Well dealt with pauses for a minute.
Mike Sackton: Even the happy tales are full of sadness.
Tim Sackton: You must not be a good storyteller, then.
Mike Sackton: Well, the stories from our wives are forced, the
Mike Sackton: come out a certain way. Given. How our lives have gone!
Mike Sackton: Would you like a made up story.
Tim Sackton: Speak. Speak! I'm waiting.
Tim Sackton: Pie's getting cold. She's eating.
Mike Sackton: Well.
David S. Kong: Telepathically. Does anybody have any time.
Tim Sackton: Oh, b.
Mike Sackton: Dallas Delith will tell the tale of
Mike Sackton: the killing of the boulder, killing grosh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: And the works the free works and their their freedom from
Mike Sackton: stark at the hands of the cloud spinners, cloak.
Tim Sackton: As she's listening she sort of turns over, and she nudges Welby be a dear Welby. Go get the tea, please. I can hear the kettle whistling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know. Being as small as I am, I may need a second set of hands. Kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, okay, we'll go. Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Sounds good, did the thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The door. I definitely give you a glance like we're gonna die. We're gonna die right.
Tim Sackton: Get the tray of cookies from the oven, too. Please.
David S. Kong: Seems, Tim. She seems harmless right like that. She's very sincere, right like.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Introduce ourselves? Or did she just know our names without having introduced ourselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: So she knew.
Mike Sackton: Second, one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Like reading our minds and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Don't be so suspicious, darling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, that's reading our minds.
Tim Sackton: I mean, obviously a little obviously suspicious.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't take a mind, reader.
Tim Sackton: Yes, go on. The elf is a good storyteller. Come, bring my tea before his tale is done.
David S. Kong: Kenzo asks telepathically, just things like, What's your favorite number?
Tim Sackton: No response.
David S. Kong: What's your favorite cake?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You go in, you go into the house.
David S. Kong: Go into the house. But I but I'm thinking, what's your favorite? What's your favorite cookie?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Me, too, I'll say to Della, you know, if we're not back in 2 min, assume something's gone catastrophically wrong.
Mike Sackton: I always do.
Tim Sackton: Oh no!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Through the darkness.
Mike Sackton: When you step through the door
Tim Sackton: So Welby would notice like, the house looks subtly different, like it's smaller. It's more cramped
Tim Sackton: when you're looking. When she was standing in the doorway, and you're looking through the house
Tim Sackton: through the door of the house like you couldn't.
Tim Sackton: You couldn't like it. Didn't the spatial arrangement didn't really make sense like you couldn't see the back. You couldn't. But now it just looks like a 1 like a 2 room cottage. Right? You're in the kitchen of a small little cottage.
Tim Sackton: There's a curtain behind a door that clearly leads to like a bedroom or something. There's a like a big iron stove with a fire going in it, and there's a kettle on it. There's
Tim Sackton: like a like a, you know, bread baking or sweets baking, sweet buns baking
Tim Sackton: inside the oven. That you pull out. You
Tim Sackton: Kettle's hot. You pour some tea seems very normal.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright! We'll take it back out again.
Tim Sackton: Thanks! We're just coming to the climax of the tale which stars you, I believe.
Tim Sackton: as dealt with, is telling the story of how Welby takes out the universal solvent and dissolves the
Tim Sackton: the ring.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: A cheery tale sort of, but
Tim Sackton: I had to pick one that featured so much death.
David S. Kong: Unfortunately, a lot of our tales feature a lot of death.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Maybe they should call you the Death Bringers.
Tim Sackton: Do you have a name?
Tim Sackton: No, no name, no cute.
Tim Sackton: The adventures of so and so the brave?
Tim Sackton: Nothing.
David S. Kong: We're the sky crawlers of Indisharna.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't roll off the tongue.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Sorry I was. Not that good?
Tim Sackton: We'll work on you.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll try.
Tim Sackton: You have potential for some things.
Tim Sackton: So a nice story lovely to hear.
Tim Sackton: Now, what.
Kate Sackton: What's our potential for reaching
Kate Sackton: another way to ever lights bloom from here.
Tim Sackton: Why would you want to do that.
Kate Sackton: We heard. It's ever light.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Same way. A glass lamp shining on a bug trapped in glasses everlight.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if you wish to go, do you. You have an invitation from the Prince, I assume.
Eric Rosenbaum: The prince.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! How does one obtain such an invitation?
Tim Sackton: So you don't have an invitation.
Tim Sackton: Huh! Fun! Have you at least met Prince Aurelian.
David S. Kong: We do?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's in.
Tim Sackton: Golden Prince, the hearth keeper, Lord of Everlight's bloom, T.
Eric Rosenbaum: A friend of yours.
Tim Sackton: Correct.
Tim Sackton: I am not so joyless as to be friends with one such as him. What do you take me for?
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's a good way to get an introduction.
Tim Sackton: She sort of stops talking for a minute like chewing her pie slowly.
Tim Sackton: Why do you want one
Tim Sackton: like her voice turns a little bit more serious and sort of less jokey and cheerful.
Kate Sackton: We're traveling a voyage in reverse from a fae that we met in our realm.
Kate Sackton: We came through here from everlight's bloom, so we wanted to go from here to Everlight's bloom.
Tim Sackton: Why?
Kate Sackton: Wanted to know more about her and the people who knew her. There
Kate Sackton: seems like it would be a good story.
Tim Sackton: Maybe maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker, picks up a fork and starts to
Eric Rosenbaum: grab a morsel of the pie and looks at it, kind of shakes his head.
David S. Kong: Oh no!
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks a little bit a little bit glassy eyed, puts it back down.
Tim Sackton: There!
Eric Rosenbaum: Bye, I I gotta go.
David S. Kong: Color begins to fade from Seeker's head.
Mike Sackton: Good day, Derek.
David S. Kong: Bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks, guys, bye.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it was great to have you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Glad to be able to join. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See you.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: As as a seeker is eating. We'll we'll wrap up in the in the next like 20 or 30 min. Just wanna maybe come to a bit of a conclusion. I know Mike needs to go to bed, too.
Tim Sackton: Wish you're too late.
Tim Sackton: As the color begins to fade slowly from Seeker initially, seemingly not something that Auntie Mulberry notices.
Tim Sackton: She turns and looks at Rizwyn.
Tim Sackton: and like, does a bit of a double take. Looking at Rizwin again.
Tim Sackton: Golden Prince does not favor those who leave his realm.
Tim Sackton: Everlight's bloom is ever light.
Tim Sackton: Yes, lights warm, golden, eternal bye.
Tim Sackton: After a time even the gold can feel like a cage.
Tim Sackton: You not know that he would
Tim Sackton: wish to speak with you? If you are simply bringing news of one who fled.
Tim Sackton: what care is it to him?
Mike Sackton: We are seeking
Mike Sackton: allies.
Mike Sackton: They seem on short supply here in everwine.
Tim Sackton: Maybe you are just not trusting enough, my friend Alf. I see none of you have bothered to consume my pie except for your friend
Tim Sackton: worf over here.
Tim Sackton: How do you expect anybody to trust you? If you will not trust anybody to begin with?
Tim Sackton: Come, you have rejected my hospitality.
Tim Sackton: Why would you expect me to be your ally?
Mike Sackton: We don't.
Tim Sackton: Well, if you don't look for allies, of course you'll never find them.
Tim Sackton: She starts laughing, takes a sip of our tea.
Tim Sackton: S.
Tim Sackton: This'll make a good story for the
Tim Sackton: tales of the Feywild. I can tell
Tim Sackton: tromps around complaining. There are no allies, and insists on never looking for them.
Tim Sackton: A lovely tale.
Tim Sackton: She starts laughing again.
Tim Sackton: No, sorry seriously not to make fun.
Tim Sackton: Allies are everywhere.
Tim Sackton: You just gotta try.
Tim Sackton: You wish to make the ally of your an ally of the Prince.
Tim Sackton: Your towel was nice. Make a make a roller. Yeah, I guess persuasion.
Mike Sackton: 27.
Tim Sackton: Your tail was nice. It is worth some help.
Tim Sackton: I will overlook your rudeness, I guess.
Kate Sackton: Has anything happened to sneaker other than his usual colorless, fading.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Those we have met in everwine seem inward and
Mike Sackton: withdrawn in the pursuit of their own pleasures.
Mike Sackton: not occur to us that there would be someone
Mike Sackton: willing to look beyond that here.
Tim Sackton: Is it like, you know?
Tim Sackton: Well, nobody is going to go on your full quest with you, my friend, but neither will the Golden Prince, what do you wish an ally for?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You appeared out of nowhere. You don't seem to need help in magic.
Mike Sackton: No, we are quite skilled.
Tim Sackton: Why are you seeking an ally.
Kate Sackton: Well, despite unfortunately appearing rude to you, due to not
Kate Sackton: being hungry for pie at the moment.
Kate Sackton: We honestly don't want to
Kate Sackton: disturb any customs or tread where we're not invited. And so we need allies, if we're to travel, to be permitted to
Kate Sackton: mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And we need a guide.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We don't.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly know how to get to the places where we're going.
Tim Sackton: He starts laughing again.
Tim Sackton: A guide! Well, now, that is a very different thing than an ally, is it not?
Tim Sackton: You wish to find something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One hopes the guide is not an enemy.
Tim Sackton: Such a mortal perspective on things.
Tim Sackton: I am neither your enemy nor your ally.
Tim Sackton: I am Auntie Mulberry.
Tim Sackton: So what do you want.
Kate Sackton: Just.
Tim Sackton: I will do what I can in exchange for the elf's tail.
Tim Sackton: despite the death. It was a good one. I told it. Well, your voice is sweet, my friend.
Tim Sackton: it would be sweeter with some pie, but it is sweet.
Tim Sackton: but you seem to know not what you wish to ask.
Kate Sackton: I appreciate that what you have told us about the Lord of
Kate Sackton: Eprolytes bloom.
Kate Sackton: We did not, for example, know that we needed an invitation to be in his land, and that is the sort of thing that we want a guide to
Kate Sackton: help us to be respectful of the waves of each place.
Kate Sackton: But we want to travel freely in the fig, wild, and.
Mike Sackton: The.
Kate Sackton: We want a guide who knows the limitations we might face.
Mike Sackton: More than that, we came here to
Mike Sackton: bring change like there hasn't been in hundreds of years.
Tim Sackton: Oh, now, that is an arrogant thing to say, my friend, doubt you can change Umberwine.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps not in Emberwine.
Tim Sackton: And.
Mike Sackton: We are looking for those who
Mike Sackton: would benefit from these changes.
Tim Sackton: Oh, very mysterious!
Tim Sackton: He's a secretive elf.
Tim Sackton: How would you find some who would benefit without saying what change you would bring?
Tim Sackton: Starts laughing to herself.
Mike Sackton: Wow! If you were a clever enough, you might be able to have guessed what I was hinting at.
Tim Sackton: He starts laughing.
Tim Sackton: I have never been clever in my whole life. I bake well, if which you would know if you would eat my pie
Tim Sackton: come? Why so antagonistic.
David S. Kong: Kenzo eats some of the pie.
Tim Sackton: How is it?
Tim Sackton: It's really good.
Mike Sackton: How is the pod? Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Mulberry pie, with like just the right amount of sugar balanced with tartness still warm. Somehow.
David S. Kong: Pretty fucking good Kenza, like starts really digging in.
Tim Sackton: She sort of leans over rabbit ears are sort of twitching a little bit
Tim Sackton: like big smile beaming on her face.
David S. Kong: Tim. I'm not like getting cursed or charmed, or anything where it's happening.
Tim Sackton: Not not that you're aware of.
David S. Kong: Man, I'm pretty aware it's 1 of my things.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I just keep eating. I'm really enjoying myself.
Kate Sackton: 1st people we spoke of in Everlight's bloom, of the
Kate Sackton: problems we perceive did not want to talk about dark things.
Kate Sackton: so we became shy of speaking of the change we want to bring.
Tim Sackton: Owen legs, dark towels.
Tim Sackton: I do not want to hear of dark things either. Even your happy tales are a bit dark.
Mike Sackton: I did warn you.
Kate Sackton: What if the change you want to bring is to make? There be fewer dark tales.
Kate Sackton: or turn a dark tale into a happy one?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is it that we're looking for from her specifically right now, like, what? What are we trying to get out out of this.
Kate Sackton: Which direction is ever bloom or ember glow, or wherever the heck we're
Kate Sackton: all these names are the same, ever lights bloom.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I I'm wondering if there's a better
Mike Sackton: we should be going somewhere other than everlight's bloom.
Mike Sackton: She sounds pretty down on everlights bloom.
Kate Sackton: She could give us the geography of whether everlights bloom is the nearest, like connecting city-state on their way to Amber Glow. Draw us a map of the fig wild and what borders we're allowed to cross.
Kate Sackton: That would be a solid ask.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Fair.
Kate Sackton: Maybe it would be a talking bunny map that would come with us and be our guide. Who knows? She could be awesome
Kate Sackton: so to hint at that. This one says, if yeah.
Kate Sackton: ember wine is far from dark things that trouble you and never lights. Bloom likewise keeps the dark away.
Kate Sackton: What is the geography of the places in the Fae where
Kate Sackton: darkness is happening, and the residents would like to change that? Can you tell us
Kate Sackton: where are the lands with
Kate Sackton: dark problems. You don't have to talk about what they are. You don't have to go there, but can you share the geography of.
Tim Sackton: She kind of.
Kate Sackton: And the.
Tim Sackton: And and pots like risen on that.
Tim Sackton: Dear, dear! I'm sorry now I seem to have scared you.
Tim Sackton: You don't have to be quite so nervous.
Tim Sackton: Don't bite.
Kate Sackton: Neither do I.
Tim Sackton: Size.
Tim Sackton: Well, amber glows to the north was to the north.
Tim Sackton: Bit hard to cross these days.
Tim Sackton: Not sure anybody really properly lives there anymore.
Tim Sackton: Just zoom
Tim Sackton: shakes her shoulders a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Everlights. Bloom is like westish sun sunward of here.
Tim Sackton: It's all bright and cheery and
Tim Sackton: bright and bright, and nothing ever changes there, you know, if a flower always blooms
Tim Sackton: and ever bloom, you never get fruit.
Tim Sackton: Thought about that.
Tim Sackton: In this case.
Kate Sackton: Anticipation of the bud myself.
Kate Sackton: Such a hopeful thing a bud.
Tim Sackton: Sorry thinking about something else. What?
Tim Sackton: What did you ask? What's around here?
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's about all it is. I went across the Sunset Gate. That's hollow, dark, and
Tim Sackton: all those sorts of nasty things we don't talk about in polite society.
Kate Sackton: That's feast.
Tim Sackton: Towards sunset. Yeah, just don't cross the gate.
Mike Sackton: If we were working for somebody who new amber glow
Mike Sackton: and cared about Amberco, where would we find such a person.
Tim Sackton: Kind of shakes her head.
Tim Sackton: You such people still exist.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Man, one, recently.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well.
Mike Sackton: I'd.
Tim Sackton: Sad tales again, my dear elf. Sad tales, Redim my table.
Tim Sackton: and you don't eat my pie.
David S. Kong: Pie is good.
Tim Sackton: Kind of shakes her head.
Tim Sackton: So you wish to find one to replace the one who died.
Mike Sackton: Who said anybody about dying said anything about dying.
Tim Sackton: You just did. You said she died.
Mike Sackton: We knew somebody.
Mike Sackton: I guess maybe.
Kate Sackton: Yes, he could have been our guide.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We thought of her as more than that. But yes, she could have been our guide.
Tim Sackton: That is not easy, my friend. Not easy.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Mike Sackton: What the.
Tim Sackton: Most of those who
Tim Sackton: still survive. I guess I don't know.
Tim Sackton: She then kind of smiles and and
Tim Sackton: well, no, I did hear that there is a refugee from Cloud Spinner's Court at Sunwine Hall
Tim Sackton: Court of the Master of the Rebels.
Tim Sackton: Lord Sovin, you must know him. You're in his land.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if he would help you, as people come to
Tim Sackton: people come here to forget, you know.
Mike Sackton: Yes, as I said, we've struggled to get people who would be interested in helping here.
Mike Sackton: Hence our uncertainty about asking you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How would we find our way to that hall.
Tim Sackton: Oh, just she looks to the South.
Tim Sackton: If you wish.
Tim Sackton: come to the master, the party of the Master of the Revels, your feet will take you there
Tim Sackton: quite quickly. I am told it requires a little bit of a dance hop, and a skip.
Tim Sackton: dance your way to the music.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, we can do that.
Kate Sackton: He trained us in theaters.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, they're always dancing, dancing, and singing. They eat my pie. They come by quite frequently. Actually.
Tim Sackton: sometimes I think it's all they eat.
Tim Sackton: If that is where you wish to go.
Tim Sackton: then. Yes, that is an easy place to get to.
Tim Sackton: If you would prefer to find your way to Everlades bloom. I'm not saying I cannot help.
Tim Sackton: But don't expect Prince Aurelian to
Tim Sackton: eagerly await the news of this person
Tim Sackton: you spoke of. Did you tell her her name?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But would Prince Aurelian care about change on his borders? Wait, does he border?
Mike Sackton: She said.
Mike Sackton: He doesn't even border emberal glow right? Necessarily.
Tim Sackton: He does.
Tim Sackton: He borders both Emberwine and Emberglow.
Tim Sackton: She kind of shakes her head.
Tim Sackton: Not sure you quite understand.
Tim Sackton: Nothing that happens in amber glow will change everlight's bloom.
Tim Sackton: I mean, maybe if the cloud spinner were alive, I guess.
Tim Sackton: but not because that would change anything, only because well, she was always.
Tim Sackton: people say. Anyway, I was before my time. She kind of shit stronger than anybody else around Lord Egan.
Tim Sackton: Lord Sovin, Prince Aurelian.
Tim Sackton: None of them are a queen.
Mike Sackton: Said we were coming to bring change
Mike Sackton: unlike any anybody has seen in hundreds of years.
Tim Sackton: We have to do that side eye.
Tim Sackton: You realize if what you're hinting at is true.
Tim Sackton: nobody would prefer the rivers of darkness from dark fall and hollow, dark
Tim Sackton: to the cloud spinners. Return, you fool!
Tim Sackton: You really think everybody would like to see the sunset gate crack
Tim Sackton: and harrow and wind march across our lands.
Tim Sackton: Have you been keeping secret some mystery to how to restore the cloud spinner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're new here.
Tim Sackton: Truly indignant.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You don't think the Lords would
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): prefer to go on being lords without a queen over them or nearby. Anyway.
Tim Sackton: She kind of mutters.
Tim Sackton: It is not for me to say what Arch Faye would do, but
Tim Sackton: the Queen of sunsets is better than heroine when nobody can deny that.
Tim Sackton: What do you think we're trying to forget here.
Mike Sackton: And Harrow and Wend and others have their agents.
Mike Sackton: Why do you think we're being cautious.
Tim Sackton: Just eat the pie kind of shakes her head, looks up at the sky.
Kate Sackton: Who's eaten pie so far? Just beaker and tenzo.
David S. Kong: Yep.
Tim Sackton: I will do you a favor, as I promised, for your story was true.
Tim Sackton: but I grow weary.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which direction are we headed.
Mike Sackton: I think we should go to the Sun Wine Hall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I agree, get info from the refugee person.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: She kind of stands up and and pushes her chair back.
Tim Sackton: reaches into her pocket, and, like brings out like a small like a pocket
Tim Sackton: she's got. She's wearing like a skirt that's got pockets in it and reaches in. She brings out a small what looks like a little like flute like pan, like little bird whistle type thing.
Tim Sackton: She blows into it and sort of spins it around.
Tim Sackton: Melody will lead you there.
Tim Sackton: Just dance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thanks.
Kate Sackton: Thank you for all you've taught us, and for the tune.
Tim Sackton: She takes her chair, and when she takes her chair all the other chairs sort of scoot out from the table.
Tim Sackton: and as she goes back into her house. She turns and looks, and she looks kind of shocked, as Seeker has now suddenly
Tim Sackton: has now finished transforming, and the color is bleached.
Tim Sackton: and she sort of, you know, makes a little sign and and shuts her door.
Tim Sackton: looking somewhat scared. Actually, by this turn of events, and Lady Eventide says.
Tim Sackton: where are we?
Tim Sackton: She sniffs in Seeker's voice, I mean with Seeker's nose ember wine.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Kate Sackton: Here. There's a refugee from amber glow in the court here. We're headed that way.
Kate Sackton: Dance along with us.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yes, I I do remember some tales of the master of rebels.
Tim Sackton: He's an interesting fellow.
Tim Sackton: Came to the Cloud Palace once. Did you know I saw him dancing, I mean
Tim Sackton: he danced with me once. She quickly changes her story, too.
Tim Sackton: All fellow handsome.
Tim Sackton: Golden antlers like you've never seen brilliant eyes, the smoothest dancer I've ever I've ever known.
Tim Sackton: Yes, I can. I can see why we might be heading there. Sunwine Hall.
Tim Sackton: He kind of nods. Yes, yes, let's go there.
Tim Sackton: Good work, my allies.
Tim Sackton: Lead the way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Events.
Tim Sackton: I think if we want to wrap up around.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Place to start.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. No. I gotta go to bed.
Tim Sackton: So let's stop.
Tim Sackton: We'll pick up at Sunwine Hall next time.
Mike Sackton: Mate.
David S. Kong: Connect.
Tim Sackton: Everybody.
David S. Kong: Bye, bye.
Kate Sackton: Safe travels.
David S. Kong: Yup. Hope you feel better.